Princess, don't go
Remember?
My name is Zhao Gongzi
I can kill you anytime
I don't want to die, don't appear in front of the lady
Otherwise I will widow you
Right.
Take it home
Princess
See ancestor
All the disciples have been called together over the years
Return to the disciples of the Sword Immortal
We are making every effort to prepare for the succession ceremony of the young master
Do you want to notify the young master?
temporarily not picking up
Let me try my good grandson first
His joy
If his mind were as strong as iron
I'll let him take the helm and meet you
if not
It's not a good thing for him either.
Then if the mind of the young master
Not enough to know the words of the Immortal Palace in the palm of your hand
you
Then I'll send him the ghost of the heavenly woman
Let him have a carefree life
Hahaha, the ancestor is polite
Warn the colonel
Just got a tip
The young master was injured and sent to the hospital
Who would dare to be so bold?